Theory -

● What is Emmet?
Emmet is built in VS code feature which on using shortcuts writes the entire boilerplate for HTML and CSS.
This does not need any special extension installtion.


● Difference between a Library and Framework?
The main difference between library and Framework is "Inversion Control".
The user who writes the code has the control while using librarry and he decides when to call certain calls present in it.
Whereas in case of Framework, the framework decides when to make certain calls.Framework can contain library.
Library can be used for part of code, whereas Framework is structure of application or website.

● What is CDN? Why do we use it?
CDN -Content Delivery Network is place where react library is hosted.
The react code written by FB developers in vanilla JS are hosted here.
Users can use it to bring React into project by copying certain Script tags and access React functions.

● Why is React known as React?
React is known as so because it reacts with the changes in the state and data of an application so the website is renderd in effecient 
and declarative manner.

● What is crossorigin in script tag?
Cross origin script tag enables Cross Origin Resource Sharing(CORS).
Cross Origin Script tag is used to access resources from external files from different origin than the hosting website.
This allows the script to access resources from the server hosting script such as making HTTP requests or accessing data.
It is used in script tag while using react CDN after react 16 and supports better error handling.

● What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
React is plain vanilla JS used to access Core react functions where React DOM acts as bridge between react and browser where it puts the elements 
into DOM.

● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
react.production.js files via CDN is optimized,effecient version of react.development.js which is used for production by eliminating certain things.

● What is async and defer? - see my Youtube video ;)
Async and Defer are the boolean attributes which are used in script tag to fetch the external resources
Any website loading will have two parts :1.HTML Parsing 2.Loading the script tag
2.Loading the script tag can divided into fetching the script tag and executing the script tag.
This can be done by using normal script tag, by using async and by using defer.

Normal script tag
<script src="">
Here, the website loading starts with HTML Parsing, as soon as it encounters script tag it fetches the script tag and excutes it immediately 
after fetching and all this while HTML Parsing is halted and continued only after execution of script tag.

Using Async 
<script async src="">
Here, once script tag is encountered while HTML Parsing it is fetched while NOT HALTING HTML Parsing BUT PARALLELY ALONG WITH IT but once the fetching 
is done it pauses html parsing to execute the script.
Async doesnt guarentee the order of execution.
Eg:In case of multiple async tag used and which may have dependencies on the execution of first one, there is no guarentee which can be exceuted first
Can used in case of Google Analytics script.


Using Defer
<script defer src="">
Here script tags are fetched parallely while HTML parsing but execution is done ONLY ONCE AFTER ALL HTML PARSING IS COMPLETED.
so, there is no htmlparsing blocked either while fetching or execution of script.
Defer ensures the order of execution.

